Hi, this is __ from __
Hi this is Debbie from the Family Dental Care office
Hi Debbie.
I’m calling to remind you about your appointment for a dental cleaning tomorrow
Oh, right! Could you remind me what time that is again?
Of course, your appointment is tomorrow morning at 9AM. We’ll see you then.

Can I please speak with __?
Hi, can I please speak with Daniel Bowers?
Sure! He’s in the other room, give me just a minute… Hello?
Hi Daniel! This is Jennifer, returning your call about the fundraiser.
Oh, hi! Thanks so much for giving me a call back.

I’m calling about…
Hi, this is Sarah calling from Oak Ridge Elementary school.
Hi Sarah, what’s up?
I’m calling about your son. He’s not feeling well today, he’s got a bad stomachache.
Oh no, should I come pick him up?
Yes, I think that would be a good idea.

Is now still a good time to talk?
Hi, this is Mary from Dr. Collin’s office. Is this Alice?
Hi, yes this is she.
I have your test results from the lab. Is now a good time to talk?
Yes, now is fine.
Great, Dr. Collin had a chance to review your labs this morning and everything looks normal.

Can I call you back __?
Hello?
Hi Rachel, it’s Michelle. Do you have a minute to chat?
Hi Michelle! Actually I’m just heading out the door. Can I call you back later tonight?
Of course! I’ll be free after 6pm.
Great, I’ll give you a call back then!

I’m sorry, could you repeat that?
Hi, can you please give me the address of your Mountain View location?
Sure, it’s 403 Castro Street
I’m sorry, could you repeat that?
The address is 403 Castro Street.
Got it, thanks!

I’m having trouble hearing you
Hi, I’m calling to let you know that your photos are printed and ready for pickup. Will you be picking them up today?
Oh thanks, I might have to get them tomorrow...
I’m sorry, I’m having trouble hearing you.
Oh sorry, is this better?
Yes that’s much better, thanks!

Please give me a call back at __.
Hello?
I’m sorry, the person you are trying to reach is not available. Please leave a message after the tone.
Hi, I’m Teagan, calling from Practica. I have a message regarding your English coaching. Please give me a call back at 888-917-2593. Thanks! Have a great day.

